---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Meeting Minutes - 8/23/2011
author: rcmeutsch
author_login: rcmeutsch
author_email: rcmeutsch@msn.com
wordpress_id: 1134
wordpress_url: http://www.buffalolab.org/blog/?p=1134
date: 2011-08-29 14:49:30.000000000 -04:00
categories:
- Member Meetings
tags: []
---
Agenda:

1) Kitchen Cleanliness:

Keith expressed concerns over insects and vermin and other health issues if kitchen surfaces and dishes aren't cleaned in timely and proper fashion. Has been much better lately, just need to keep up with dishes and counters and table surfaces. Also wiping and putting kitchen appliances back into position. Matt has said the food for $ voucher system was planned on being discontinued when the space moved to the new location.  So please get up to date on your payments.

2) Naming Choice: Buffalo Bench vs. BuffaloLab Bench

Keith asked for preferences to name his modular system for building a desk/bench that has been on display in the Lab. It is constructed of scrap 1x 3s, 4s, and 6s connected with pipe and able to be used vertically and horizontally for differing heights. Sturdy but a bit bulky it is still under development, any proceeds will benefit Buffalo Lab. Comments and suggestions can be forwarded to Keith. "Buffalo Bench" was deemed the better name.

3) Interpersonal Communication:

There was a discussion of how best to communicate with each other and resolve differences. Suggestions were to have a third party mediate, make sure that you know the facts, being aware each person has a different viewpoint and strategy to handle situations. Be respectful and let each other know of your concerns and suggestions to improve the situation.

4) In/Out flow of materials:

To handle the large amount of "stuff" we have, an effort to update the inventory list and group items in 3 categories; 1) stuff we want to keep (will be shelved and/or stacked in front of the space), 2) stuff we aren't sure about (will be stacked in center and allowed a time period for members to reclaim), stuff we don't need (will be removed and/or stacked in last pile to be removed when possible). If you would like to help sort things out, contact Rob or keep an eye on the calendar.

5) Finances:

We have collected around $650 for the rent and utilities which is enough for rent for now, but the rent is increasing in the coming months to $850 starting in Dec. 2011, and we need to increase membership and/or find alternative funding. There is a firm possibility that Brian has found a sponsor to donate to the cause. There was also a discussion on how to create more income from classes. Charging a modest fee for teaching programming language classes in particular. It was agreed that it would be necessary to have a group of instructors from the Lab to spread out the workload and each could teach a section of the course. This would have to be organized by a member or group of members. Lan parties for gaming are also possible, Dave and Rob are interested in pursuing that when the lounge space is completed, possibly with multiple projectors. $1000 yearly insurance premium was paid from the cash fund used for buying building materials and equipment (such as shelving materials and projector screens), and that fund is now depleted. Perhaps we can start a wish list and see if donations are possible.

6) Buffalo Lab T-shirts, mouse pads, etc...:

A design for the Lab has been created, it consists of a beaker with gears and the buffalolab.org moniker. Earlier in the week, James had said the design was at the printers, but at the meeting Matt said there was no timetable for them to be completed. (Note: Rob has 2 designs that can be purchased for $15, and sent to your home free- $5 goes to BuffLab)
